"The best way to predict the future is to create it." – Peter Drucker
"Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking." – William Butler Yeats
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success." – Albert Schweitzer
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today." – Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." – Theodore Roosevelt
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." – Confucius
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." – Arthur Ashe
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." – Steve Jobs
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." – Eleanor Roosevelt
"The best revenge is massive success." – Frank Sinatra
"I attribute my success to this: I never gave or took any excuse." – Florence Nightingale
"Your time is limited, don’t waste it living someone else’s life." – Steve Jobs
"The purpose of our lives is to be happy." – Dalai Lama
"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." – John Lennon
"Get busy living or get busy dying." – Stephen King
"You have within you right now, everything you need to deal with whatever the world can throw at you." – Brian Tracy
"Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." – Christian D. Larson
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now." – Chinese Proverb
"Dream big and dare to fail." – Norman Vaughan
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." – Winston Churchill
"The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it." – Unknown
"Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." – Sam Levenson
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." – Mark Twain
"Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear." – George Addair
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
"You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." – Zig Ziglar
"I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions." – Stephen Covey
"We become what we think about." – Earl Nightingale
"Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears." – Les Brown
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." – William James
"The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." – Charles Kingsleigh
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." – Henry David Thoreau
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." – John D. Rockefeller
"The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." – Nelson Mandela
"In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends." – Martin Luther King Jr.
"The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." – Charles Kingsleigh
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." – Zig Ziglar
"The future depends on what you do today." – Mahatma Gandhi
"It always seems impossible until it’s done." – Nelson Mandela
"Don’t wait. The time will never be just right." – Napoleon Hill
"The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." – Lao Tzu
"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today." – Will Rogers
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today." – Franklin D. Roosevelt
"A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new." – Albert Einstein
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." – Winston Churchill
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." – Vidal Sassoon
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." – Thomas Jefferson
"Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." – Roy T. Bennett
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." – C.S. Lewis
"The power of imagination makes us infinite." – John Muir
"I will go anywhere as long as it is forward." – David Livingston
"You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough." – Mae West
"Everything has beauty, but not everyone can see." – Confucius
"It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up." – Vince Lombardi
"The best way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." – Walt Disney
"The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty." – Winston Churchill
"Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today." – Will Rogers
"You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character." – Unknown
"It's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." – Abraham Lincoln
"Life is short, and it's up to you to make it sweet." – Sarah Louise Delany
"Your life does not get better by chance, it gets better by change." – Jim Rohn
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." – Sam Levenson
"Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning." – Robert Kiyosaki
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." – William James
"The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be." – Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Opportunities don't happen, you create them." – Chris Grosser
"Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." – Roy T. Bennett
"Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever." – Mahatma Gandhi
"Success is not in what you have, but who you are." – Bo Bennett
"You are enough just as you are." – Meghan Markle
"Do one thing every day that scares you." – Eleanor Roosevelt
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow is our doubts of today." – Franklin D. Roosevelt
"You define your own life. Don’t let other people write your script." – Oprah Winfrey
"You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take." – Wayne Gretzky
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." – Eleanor Roosevelt
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else." – Booker T. Washington
"Don't settle for what life gives you; make life better and build something." – Ashton Kutcher
"Don't look at your feet to see if you are doing it right. Just dance." – Anne Lamott
"You don't always need a plan. Sometimes you just need to breathe, trust, let go, and see what happens." – Mandy Hale
"No one is to be judged by what he or she has done; rather, we are all to be judged by our potential, and what we are capable of achieving." – Alyson Noel
"Small steps in the right direction can turn out to be the biggest step of your life." – Unknown
"Do what you feel in your heart to be right, for you'll be criticized anyway." – Eleanor Roosevelt
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." – Dalai Lama
"You are capable of more than you know." – Glinda, The Wizard of Oz
"You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself any direction you choose." – Dr. Seuss
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." – Theodore Roosevelt
"The purpose of our lives is to be happy." – Dalai Lama
"Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." – John Lennon
"Happiness is not by chance, but by choice." – Jim Rohn
"Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise." – Frank Ocean
"Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny." – C.S. Lewis
"Don't count the days, make the days count." – Muhammad Ali
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you." – Walt Whitman
"It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up." – Vince Lombardi
"The best way to predict your future is to create it." – Peter Drucker
"You must do the thing you think you cannot do." – Eleanor Roosevelt
"Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." – Roy T. Bennett
"The most wasted of days is one without laughter." – E.E. Cummings